UNION INVESTMENT PARTNERS &
LOTTE ENTERTAINMENT PRESENT
LOTTE ENTERTAINMENT DISTRIBUTION
A SANG SANG FILM PRODUCTION
Green onions, please.
- That's $3.
- It's too much!
No way!
It's the cheapest here.
Prices went up.
Don't you know!
- This is dang organic!
- But still!
Think Bok-soon's stupid?
- You got smarter.
- Free cucumber and eggplant.
Bellflower root so white
Crazy bitch
This is deodeok root
Bok-soon's day end sale!
Green onions for $1!
Onions for $1, too!
Cucumbers for $1!
She's napping?
Bok-soon? How are you?
Eun-jung's fine, too?
Poor thing.
Your mom dropped you
when you were a baby.
That's how you got dumb.
Don't go to school.
Work hard and make money.
You have to support
your younger sister, okay?
How can I leave
that slow girl behind?
Bok-soon?
If you miss Granny,
sing this song.
Worm's ribs and virgin balls?
That's crazy bitch
Married daughter becoming a tramp?
Feeding dog food to in-laws?
That's crazy bitch
Crying widow remaining faithful?
Driving a stake into a pumpkin?
That's crazy bitch
- Wondering if...
- Black bean noodles!
- Noodles?
- Yes.
It's so hot.
You owe me $2 from before.
But...
Stop giving me cucumbers.
Pay me money.
- Zucchini, too.
- Noodles, please.
Not that!
I saw Byung-ju working here.
Know how many relatives
work here?
I got distant relatives
and in-laws begging to work.
You built a building?
Yes.
But my small multiplex
won't rent out.
It's hard these days.
Nothing's easy.
Ik-sang?
Yes?
There's this girl
in my factory.
She keeps causing trouble.
Business is hard these days.
I got no choice
but to fire workers.
But she kept protesting
and worked up others.
So I called her to talk.
Told her to stop.
She wouldn't listen.
So I slapped her a few times.
I shouldn't have.
But she filmed it
with her cell phone.
She's threatening me
to spread it.
How much does she want?
$300,000!
$300,000 for a few slaps?
I can't trust just anyone.
Go give her that
and get the phone.
Ik-sang?
You keep in touch with Tae-su?
No.
Something's not right with him.
After he came,
your dad died mysteriously.
Keep your distance.
And don't give him my number.
Where'd you get $300,000
in one day?
That's a lot of money.
Way to go.
Why didn't you pay up earlier?
Guess your wife
can stop working hard.
You're really something.
When you know where she works...
Bro?
The monster hit you again?
Do you...
want me to kill him?
Will you play with me?
Stupid.
How can you kill him?
Get lost!
PESTICIDE
Bro!
Play with me.
You promised!
Bro!
Keep your promise! Bro!
MONSTER
Bok-soon! They're back!
Out of my way!
You bastard!
This is PARK Bok-soon's spot!
- I worked here since I was 10!
- The hell?
- Granny said I could work here!
- Is she retarded?
Why pick on weak people?
You a bastard?
Shit!
Get lost!
Is she okay?
You son of a bitch!
Eun-jung!
Sis! What happened
to your face?
I got hit.
Again?
Next time give up the spot.
Don't fight.
But that's my spot.
No, it's not.
It's always been my spot.
There's a landlord.
Granny said it's my land!
You make no sense!
That's why they call you stupid.
Stupid?
Bitch! Forget it!
Drinking from the potty?
That's crazy bitch
Crying widow remaining faithful?
Always troubled and worried?
That's crazy bitch
Pooping in the veggie field?
Bro?
It's been a long time.
Why?
About what?
Text the address.
Ah, Tae-su?
I got a favor to ask.
Some girl won't handover
a cell phone.
Cut it out!
She's a rotten bitch.
Takes candid shots with her phone
and blackmails people.
For money.
Can you get it from her?
It's important.
Do me a favor.
How?
What do you mean?
How do you want it done?
If it's you,
won't she hand it over?
Why me?
Do this for me.
You change numbers, move,
and suddenly call in 5 years.
What the hell?
Right.
I'm sorry.
Forget I asked.
Damn bastards are fuckin' loud.
Want me to kill 'em?
Damn bastards are fuckin' loud!
Hey!
Mister, he's just kidding.
Calm down, Mister.
He's kidding.
Mister! He's just goofing.
Just forget it and go.
He was just kidding!
How's Mom?
She's good.
Buy her some vitamins.
Okay. Thanks.
- The address?
- Here.
Where's your sister?
I don't know.
Why don't you ever know?
Then, make sure you give her
my message.
If she doesn't pay up soon...
I'll have to evict you.
Understand me?
Yes.
Damn it.
Damn bums causing me headaches!
Why're you glaring?
Cut it out!
Stop it!
Damn.
Such good manners.
If we don't pay soon,
we'll be evicted.
Who cares?
I could buy this house.
With what money?
Nari?
Say three things
you want to have.
Raise a dog and live with you
in our own house.
That's it?
Fine. You got your wish.
Really?
Ever seen me lie before?
Of course.
This is for real.
I found our house.
You'll really buy it?
Yes, I will!
Wanna go buy a dog?
Really?
Didn't she go?
She did.
Yeon-hee?
Yes.
I came to get the phone.
Where's the money?
What money?
Boss sent you empty handed?
Like the man
who came yesterday?
Forget the money.
Just give me the phone, please.
Go, please.
Let go!
Yeon-hee?
If you close the gate,
you'll die.
Where's your mom?
I don't have one.
It's just you two?
Yes.
What'd you do with
the money?
I took it. So what?
I can't even afford to pay
for my son's studies!
Know what my wife does?
She works at a hostess bar!
I found out 3 months ago,
but pretend I don't know!
Damn it!
Stop whining, bro.
Things got messy cuz of you.
- Hey!
- I'll be waiting.
Wait! Listen!
Tae-su!
GENUINE POTTERY 2KM
Let's do this.
I'll give you a chance.
You can run away
until I'm done drinking this.
But if you get caught,
you die.
If you ask people for help,
I'll kill them, too.
So don't grab just anyone
for help.
Find someone stronger than me.
Someone I can't kill.
Can you run fast?
Begin.
Aren't you eating?
I'm not.
Sis?
I have to go to Seoul University
to make lots of money.
People slight us
cuz we're poor.
Let's make lots of money
and live it up.
I'm going with you.
But I'll live in a dorm.
I'll live there, too!
You can't.
Why not?
You just can't.
I'll cook and clean.
I'll cook. I'll clean.
And I'll sell veggies for money.
Please, Eun-jung?
Let's live in the dorm together!
Please?
Eun-jung!
I can't live without you!
Let's live together!
That's my wish for life!
Stop it!
You bitch!
- It hurts!
- You bitch!
Calm down!
Let go!
If I let go, you'll hit me.
Eun-jung!
I love you.
Have some. It's good.
Where are you from?
Are you lost?
Where are your parents?
Maybe she can't talk.
I'm her older sister.
I'm PARK Bok-soon.
Got a sister, too?
Where is she?
Don't cry.
I'll find your sister.
I'm good at finding people.
Sis?
I gotta pee.
I've outgrown that.
What's that?
She came here today.
Oh, right! I forgot.
This is why
we can't live together.
- Smarten up!
- Okay.
2 X 7 = 14!
2 X 8 = 16!
2 X 9...
- Eat! Past tense!
- Eat?
- Oh! 18!
- Right!
The police will help you.
Don't worry.
My gym clothes!
Sis...
Why won't you ever listen!
- Go ahead!
- Okay.
Let's go.
Eun-jung!
I'll call for the hospital car.
I'll bring you back alive.
Okay?
Wait!
Damn lousy weather.
Why do you need him?
I just do.
Tell me why and how
you need to use him.
If you're just scaring,
take someone else.
- That's him?
- Yup.
Got a screw loose?
Hey!
Come down fool!
Get down!
Come here!
That bastard!
It's important.
Is he good?
He's North Korean.
Know the North Korean
Defense Guards?
He's from there.
He's got a deadly move.
He sticks out his hand.
And strikes the stomach.
He pokes right through
the stomach.
Really! Right up to here.
After he's in, then what?
He pushes up.
Then, he grabs things in there!
Pulls it out!
Then, guts spill out all over.
Dang brutal!
That's him!
Hey, fool!
Come here and say hi.
Eun-jung!
- It was here.
- Remember what he looks like?
Yes. I saw him!
How tall is he?
He's tall! Really!
How tall?
2 meters?
His face?
What does he look like?
He's good looking.
Oh, he's good looking?
So you killed a good looking
2 meter tall guy with a rock?
Yes!
How many times
did I tell you?
You reported her
running away before.
We fought about her going
to Seoul.
You had a fight?
Eun-jung is a good girl!
Good kids get more stressed
and run away.
I ran away recently
and almost got killed.
- He killed her! Like this!
- Why you!
Sometimes they fake their deaths
and run away.
To hurt their family more.
Kids these days are so cunning.
If she doesn't come tomorrow,
I'll report her missing.
You're leaving?
Just go home.
Go home?
- Go home and eat.
- Eat?
I'm not hungry!
Got fools like him back home?
Ever killed anyone?
Forget it.
Never mind!
I'm not telling you
to kill him.
You just have to help me
if I fall in danger.
But there's a kiln here.
So you can burn up corpses.
No one will ever know.
Count it later.
Hey!
Were you really
a defense guard?
Not just a clerk?
Hey!
Shit!
You came?
You told me to come, so I did.
Where'd you go?
To find the kid.
What kid?
There was a kid at her house.
Where's the kid now?
She ran away.
She's clever.
Never seen a kid like her.
- But it's funny a how a girl...
- It's funny?
Know what'll happen
if she talks?
I'll find her.
- Got the phone?
- No.
- Did you look?
- Yes.
It's important.
I have to get it!
It's not at her house.
Then, she must've hid it
somewhere else.
Probably.
The hell!
Why'd you kill her
without finding it!
Who's the fool?
He can't come here.
Why'd you bring him?
He's a friend.
Why'd you bring him then?
You scared of me?
Fuck you! Bastard!
Shit!
Forget it.
How about dinner with Mom?
Why not?
Wait. I'll wash up.
Here.
Buy some vitamins.
Again?
When you always wire me money...
You must make a lot.
My pottery sells well.
That's great!
Want Mom to manage
the money for you?
So, Jung-woo is smart?
Sort of.
He wants to study law.
He's the school's top student.
A judge in our family?
They don't all become judges.
Still, he's really smart.
He doesn't even need tutoring.
- If he becomes a judge...
- He's not!
Mom?
Yes.
Remember locking me up
when I was seven?
Me?
Cuz money kept disappearing.
You stripped me
and locked me...
for three days. Remember?
Ik-sang's the one who stole.
Why you!
What a great memory.
Still remember that?
Give it to Jung-woo.
That son of a bitch!
Calm down, son!
Stop!
Let go!
You bastard! Come here!
Son of a bitch!
Is there warranty on this?
She's over there?
Eun-jung!
Shit!
Damn granny!
She's not here!
Eun-jung!
Eun-jung...
Where were you?
I looked everywhere!
Eun-jung!
Sis? I'm dead.
Where's Eun-jung?
Where is she!
Did you see?
Oh no...
Eun-jung is gone!
I can't find her anywhere!
That bastard...
He's your dad isn't he?
Right?
He's your dad!
He's your dad, right?
He's your dad isn't he!
He's your dad! Say it!
Where's your dad?
Where's your dad!
Tell me!
Where's your dad?
He killed my sister, too.
When I came to,
I was at his house.
He said I can run away,
so I did.
He chased me
and I ran away scared.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Know where to find him?
Can you tell me?
Eun-jung must be dead.
She can't die...
Eun-jung...
PARK EUN-JUNG
If you eat this, you die?
How do they die?
Did you see?
Did you feed it to him?
Take that! You bastard!
Let's try again.
Take that! Bastard!
Water.
Let's go.
Why do they sleep there?
They must not have a house.
Right.
Hey!
You sure it's this way?
How much longer?
I think it's down this way.
You always say that.
If you lie, I'll get you!
Hey!
Where are we going?
I'm sorry. I don't know.
You said you did!
I'm sorry. I can't remember.
I'm sorry.
Then, you lied to me?
I told you if you lie,
I'll get you!
- You liar! You liar!
- It's that way!
It's not a lie!
- You liar!
- No...
I'm not lying!
I'm not!
Eun-jung's gone cuz of you!
- I'm sorry.
- Why'd you come!
Where's Eun-jung!
Bring Eun-jung back!
Does it hurt?
Want some ointment?
I'm sorry I hit you.
Don't cry!
Bok-soon was bad.
No, you're not.
I must be stupid.
You're not!
I was so bad.
I'm sorry, sweetie!
I'll give you gum.
Peach flavor.
It's my favorite.
Thank you, Bok-soon.
I'm so sorry about before!
Ever licked a snake before?
No.
I did.
Why'd you lick a snake?
Eun-jung told me to,
so I did.
Bitch.
What's your name?
Nari. GAE Nari.
Like the flower?
Gae nari the flower
Something like that
That's not it.
Your last name's GAE?
GAE Nari.
That's it?
Bok-soon!
Shit! I'm stuck!
Ow! That hurts!
PARK EUN-JUNG
Bok-soon!
He's coming!
Wanna live?
That's what they all say.
Don't kill me, Mister.
Don't kill me!
I know where the phone is!
Bro? I found it.
Be patient!
No, I'll bring it to you.
I'll call when I get there.
Are you caught?
Oh no!
Want my help?
Then, will you be
my little sister?
Let's run away! Hurry!
Let's go.
Don't you just want to kill 'em?
Want me to?
No...
Enter the secret code.
Locker is opened.
We're here.
- We're here?
- Yes.
How much?
This should do.
Why's it so expensive?
It just is.
Get off.
Son of a bitch!
- Why you!
- I'll let you off cuz I'm busy!
Do you know GAE Nari?
- Her last name's GAE.
- I don't know.
Don't know?
- Do You know GAE Nari?
- No.
- Has hair like me and this tall.
- Don't know.
Nari...
Nari said to come
to Jong-gak Station...
Good work.
See you next time.
Bro.
Let's go see Mom.
Why?
How about a drink
with just our family?
With mom's spicy skate fish.
It's been a while.
What about the kid?
Lock her in the car.
But I gotta deliver this quick.
See you next time.
Go. I can wait.
Don't. Next time.
I'm here. Make that now.
It'll take a long time.
See you next time.
Next time, when?
I'll call you.
No, you won't.
Am I begging you here?
I'm sorry.
Sorry for what?
I'm asking you!
What are you sorry for?
GAE Nari!
Nari!
Help us!
Who're you?
I'll pay $1,000 per hit.
Sign it.
You can make $100 grand!
Get slapped for this much?
I'd do it!
See!
What'll it be?
Get hit or get lost!
Protest all you want!
You'll never work again
in my factory!
You have a sister?
She'll end up worthless
like you!
Here.
Go!
Get lost!
I'll do it.
Good!
You're dead!
$1,000!
Get up!
$2,000!
$3,000!
Get up!
$4,000!
$5,000!
Get up!
$6,000!
Please stop!
Stop?
You're getting paid!
Come back!
Enough with your protests!
Know how I built this company?
Like it? Huh?
Like it?
I like it, too! Bitch!
Why didn't you answer
your phone!
Sorry, it's taking me long.
What about the phone?
Bring it to me now!
But I gotta go see Mom.
Come to her shop.
What?
Come over and let's talk.
Things are really hard for her.
Hope you see that, Uncle.
We're family, too.
You bastard!
I saw the video.
I'm busy.
Come even if it's late.
I'll be waiting.
Fine then.
SUBSTATION RELOCATED
Let's just go!
If we wait, they'll come.
They moved somewhere else!
'Relocate' means to wait!
Don't you know?
Please!
Let's go to the police.
Cops don't believe me!
Bok-soon! Let's go!
Let's go!
What would you like?
Ma'am?
If I eat without paying,
I'll go to jail, right?
Of course you will!
Scram!
Who said I had no money?
- When she looks so nice...
- She doesn't at all!
I'm starving!
Hey! What did you do?
He's been waiting for hours.
If you took my boy,
shouldn't you call?
You won't pick up your phone.
Things aren't good.
Me and the boys
were gonna go over.
But your wife would freak.
So we came here.
Good.
She would've fainted.
Where's my boy?
I'm asking you
what happened, bro!
Listen to me, man!
How big is your place?
What?
It's 1100ft².
Mine's 800ft².
But I'm renting.
Mine's a sublet!
So what?
Gwang-su...
Help me out.
Are you hurt?
I'm hungry!
Hang in there.
We're almost there.
Why do you always say that?
You lie...
I'm so hungry.
I can't do anything
if I'm hungry.
Shouldn't adults bear it?
Adults get hungry, too!
I've never been so hungry
in my life.
I'm not going!
Then, wait here.
Bok-soon?
Bok-soon!
Sis?
Sis...
GAE Nari!
Where'd you go?
You bitch!
- I looked for you!
- I looked for you more!
I told you to stay!
I thought he got you!
I thought he got you, too!
It's dangerous! Why go off?
It's dangerous for you, too.
But I'm fast!
I won't get caught!
I'm fast, too!
Okay...
So let's not split up again!
Okay! Let's stay together!
Nari?
What's your favorite food?
I love black bean noodles.
I love noodles with beef.
You must've been rich!
No. Just order extra large
and share.
Right...
I was thinking...
Wanna live with me
at my house?
I'll send you to school
and make you food.
I'm a good cook you know.
Don't want to?
Come by mom's shop.
Let’s have drinks.
Suddenly why?
I got something to say.
What?
Say what?
Here's Mom.
- Hi, Tae-su.
- Hi.
You wanted spicy skate?
I have some.
It's really fresh
from Jeju Island.
Why don't the three of us
have a few drinks together?
There's so much
Mom's sorry to you for.
Sorry for what?
Want your brother on?
No. It's okay.
- Mom.
- Hmm?
- Really wanna see me?
- Yes.
I'm family too, right?
Of course. Come quick.
I'll be right there.
What are you doing!
Bastard!
I'll take care of it, Mom.
Just get the spicy skate ready.
I'll borrow this, ma'am.
- Don't fight. Just talk! Okay?
- Yes.
Sir!
I'll cut his throat!
And get blood all over here?
I'll end him with this!
You crazy!
Then, I'll cut his throat
with this!
Blood! You fool!
I'll cut his artery.
I said no blood fool!
What's he saying?
Son of a bitch!
Come here!
Let go! Bastard!
You don't have parents?
No.
I don't either.
How old are you?
I'm 10.
Eun-jung is 19!
She's really smart!
The top of her class!
People are so jealous.
Are you a good student?
Yes.
Hey!
You look so funny.
Your face is bigger than me!
The baby fat will come off.
Not on your face!
Don't you know?
POLICE
Let's go!
Run!
Where did the girl go?
Said to come here.
Who?
The girl's uncle.
Oh no! She can't go!
Are you family?
No, I'm not.
Then, who are you?
I'm PARK Bok-soon!
How do I get here?
You can take the bus.
Is the subway running now?
Download an app
of the subway map.
Do you use iPhone
or Android?
Here! Stop!
Stop!
Welcome.
Looks fresh from Jeju.
It's from Chile.
You said Jeju.
Once marinated
they're the same.
They're all from the sea.
It's pretty good.
Selling food for 12 years,
it has to be.
How's business?
I'm about to go under.
It's cuz the place sucks.
I'll fix it up for you
real soon.
Hey.
Just pay up what you owe me!
Right...
Let's drink.
Here.
Tae-su!
When you were left at our door
at age 5...
Dad said to send you
to an orphanage.
But I insisted!
Because you were so cute.
With your big, sparkling eyes...
Everyone in town came by
to see you.
They were all so jealous.
Said a blessing rolled in!
I was really good to you.
But people will curse.
Saying I brought you up
in a bad environment!
I shouldn't have taken you in.
I didn't know!
A pretty boy like you...
Your mom must've abandoned you
cuz she knew.
That bitch!
Leaving a weird kid at my door!
How did you get like this?
- Mom.
- Yes?
Listen.
Wanna hear something
really weird?
What?
The men behind me...
Aren't they too quiet?
You fools set me up?
Now.
Let's get our ties
straightened out.
What'll it be?
What do you want me to do?
Tae-su...
Why'd you do it fool!
He's your brother!
Despite everything,
Tae-su's always been good to us!
- Mom!
- Don't call me mom!
I don't look like your mom!
You look damn old!
Look in the mirror fool!
Call that a son's face?
It's like a husband's!
So embarrassing!
You're not my son anymore!
You're out of my life!
Tae-su! It's so good
to see you smile.
Right! Since Tae-su was young...
- He was so thoughtful...
- Right!
- You scared me.
- You fool!
You had me there.
Damn son of a bitch!
Die! Die!
Why am I doing
the government's job!
I'm no cop!
Shit!
Bastard!
They should kill him!
After all the damn taxes!
Shit! Who's this?
The boys all fit?
Yes. It's a big car.
Eat it. It's okay.
Pig trotters are yummy.
It's loaded with collagen.
Got the cab fare?
I did before.
I'm sorry.
Shit!
- Get off!
- Please!
- Mister!
Scram!
- Ik-sang!
- You done? Let's go.
Do you have to?
What's with you?
Let's go home.
- No!
- Please?
Back off! Let's go home.
Get off!
- No! Help me!
- Move!
I'll raise her.
Not again! Move!
- She's cute.
- You nuts? Come here!
- No! I don't want to!
- Move!
You're asking for it!
I have to protect Nari!
Please? Help me just once?
Shit! This is nuts!
I have to protect Nari!
Please!
- She's an orphan.
- Come here!
Let's go.
Move Mom!
Come here!
Let's do some good!
- Let go!
- I don't wanna die!
Let go!
Gwang-su!
What's wrong? Gwang-su!
Wake up!
Get up! Gwang-su!
Breathe!
- Call 911!
- You crazy!
Tae-su...
What's this?
Snap to it!
Why turn off the lights?
Tae-su?
Where's that smile?
You have a beautiful smile!
Good. Let's smile.
People fight sometimes.
- Right Mom?
- Of course!
Take that! Bastard!
I'm sorry I'm late.
I'll kill him.
Nari!
What happened to your face?
You're not dead?
I'm not dead.
I thought you were dead!
I'm not!
Are you really alive?
Yes.
Why'd you pretend you died!
I didn't pretend!
Stop talking back!
I'm not!
I love you, Nari!
I love you, too!
Don't die, Nari!
You too, sis!
Let's live together!
Who's that?
I don't know.
There.
Could you get me the phone?
Mister!
How can I go to the country?
Go by car!
Newsflash.
A family has been found dead
at a restaurant.
There are several more corpses
to add to the mystery.
HWANG reporting.
Nari!
I got money!
Yup! See?
Some man just gave it to me.
Why?
Maybe he likes me.
How many black bean noodles
can I eat with this?
750 bowls?
750?
Then, let's go eat it.
Worm's ribs and virgin balls?
That's crazy bitch
Married daughter becoming a tramp?
Always troubled and worried?
That's crazy bitch
Angry fools and lazy bums?
Throwing poop on a happy face?
That's crazy bitch
VICTIMS' REMAINS
MADE INTO POTTERY
STEPSON KILLS HIS FAMILY
Ms. PARK Bok-soon?
Black bean noodles?
You must like noodles.
Hello, Ms. PARK Bok-soon.
I apologize for what happened
when we asked you to leave.
I take full responsibility
and offer my condolences.
Thank you.
Here.
It’s $3,000.
I heard about you two
and prepared this for you.
I hope it will help
in starting over together.
Thank you for $3,000.
Thank you for accepting it.
Hold this, please.
Thank you for trusting me
with this.
Here you go.
From now on,
you can't sell stuff here.
Those men will stop you
from working here.
But this is my spot.
This is my land.
Back off Mister!
Back off Bok-soon!
Don't make me mad!
I'll say it again!
This is PARK Bok-soon's spot!
I worked here since I was 10!
Granny definitely said
I could work here!
- By law, it's my...
- This is my spot!
- Cutting me off...
- I'm staying put!
I do whatever I set my mind to!
The hell?
You two-faced jerk!
Let sleeping hogs lie!
Fine! Give my money back!
Give back my $3,000!
Hand it over now!
Can't you hear me?
You hear me!
Give me my money!
Hey!
Give me back my money!
Give it back!
Or I'll destroy this place!
There!
You bastard!
Know who I am?
I'm PARK Bok-soon!
- Get my $3,000!
- Son of a bitch!
- I'll get you!
- We have laws in this country!
Let go! You bastards!
Sir! Watch out!